README.md, before:

# Arduino.mk

This is a versioned history of the work done by Martin Oldfield on an Arduino
Makefile. He releases tarballs on his website, so this version might be a bit
easier if you want to track your modifications.

The various released versions (0.3, 0.4, etc) are tagged in this repository.

The original blog post: http://mjo.tc/atelier/2009/02/arduino-cli.html

A blog post on the addition of chipKIT support:
http://christopherpeplin.com/2011/12/chipkit-arduino-makefile/

This Makefile current requires either Arduino 1.0 or MPIDE 0023.

## chipKIT Support

This version adds support for the Digilent chipKIT Uno32 and Max32, both
Arduino-compatible microcontrollers. To use this Makefile with one of those,
include `chipKIT.mk` instead of `Arduino.mk` at the bottom of your Makefile.

    include /path/to/chipKIT.mk

You can adjust the same variables as described by Martin for `Arduino.mk`, but
point to an MPIDE installation (which includes the chipKIT toolchain) instead of
the Arduino IDE.

## Libraries

The Makefile will look for libraries in two places:

* In the Arduino/MPIDE installation directory under the `libraries` directory
* In `$ARDUINO_SKETCHBOOK/libraries` where `ARDUINO_SKETCHBOOK` is an
  environment variable or a variable set in your Makefile that points to the
  sketchbook directory. This location is the preferred location for user
  libraries when using the IDE.

## Example

To compile the basic blink example sketch, set the `ARDUINO_MAKEFILE_HOME`
variable to point to where you clone this repository and use this for your
Makefile:

    TARGET       = blink
    BOARD_TAG    = mega_pic32

    ARDUINO_PORT = /dev/ttyUSB*

    include $(ARDUINO_MAKEFILE_HOME)/chipKIT.mk

## Contributors

* Martin Oldfield (initial version)
* Chris Peplin (chipKIT)
* rei_vilo / Olivier
* Edward Comer

Commit message:

Add a flag for stopping compilation of built-in main() function.
If you need to define your own main() function, e.g. if you are using Xcode and
want the code sense to work, you can flip this flag on to stop the Makefile from
compiling the Arduino's built-in main.cpp file.

README.md, after:

# Arduino.mk

This is a versioned history of the work done by Martin Oldfield on an Arduino
Makefile. He releases tarballs on his website, so this version might be a bit
easier if you want to track your modifications.

The various released versions (0.3, 0.4, etc) are tagged in this repository.

The original blog post: http://mjo.tc/atelier/2009/02/arduino-cli.html

A blog post on the addition of chipKIT support:
http://christopherpeplin.com/2011/12/chipkit-arduino-makefile/

This Makefile current requires either Arduino 1.0 or MPIDE 0023.

## chipKIT Support

This version adds support for the Digilent chipKIT Uno32 and Max32, both
Arduino-compatible microcontrollers. To use this Makefile with one of those,
include `chipKIT.mk` instead of `Arduino.mk` at the bottom of your Makefile.

    include /path/to/chipKIT.mk

You can adjust the same variables as described by Martin for `Arduino.mk`, but
point to an MPIDE installation (which includes the chipKIT toolchain) instead of
the Arduino IDE.

## Libraries

The Makefile will look for libraries in two places:

* In the Arduino/MPIDE installation directory under the `libraries` directory
* In `$ARDUINO_SKETCHBOOK/libraries` where `ARDUINO_SKETCHBOOK` is an
  environment variable or a variable set in your Makefile that points to the
  sketchbook directory. This location is the preferred location for user
  libraries when using the IDE.

## Example

To compile the basic blink example sketch, set the `ARDUINO_MAKEFILE_HOME`
variable to point to where you clone this repository and use this for your
Makefile:

    TARGET       = blink
    BOARD_TAG    = mega_pic32

    ARDUINO_PORT = /dev/ttyUSB*

    include $(ARDUINO_MAKEFILE_HOME)/chipKIT.mk

## Options

If you are defining your own `main()` function, you can stop the Ardunio's
built-in `main()` from being compiled with your code by defining the
`NO_CORE_MAIN_FUNCTION` variable:

    NO_CORE_MAIN_FUNCTION = 1

## Contributors

* Martin Oldfield (initial version)
* Chris Peplin (chipKIT)
* rei_vilo / Olivier
* Edward Comer
